---
layout: post
title: "Nationals 2017 Preview"
date: 2017-04-03 12:00:00
author: Sam Hise
---

It’s been a little over a year since the University of Utah Club Swim team made their first appearance at the Collegiate
Club Swimming and Diving National Championship; now, the time has come for us to make our second appearance. Since the
beginning of the fall semester, the Utes have trained day in and day out to ready ourselves for this meet. All the early
mornings, heavy weights, and countless yards have helped us prepare for this intense three-day meet that will be held in
Atlanta, Georgia at Georgia Tech University.

We’re excited to announce that twelve athletes will be representing our school in Atlanta at this championship meet.
Eight men and four women will be traveling to Georgia Tech, two of which are returning competitors who made it to finals
in last year’s competition. Connor Morgan is seeded 8th in the 200 backstroke, after taking 9th place last year (he’s
the fastest Collegiate Club backstroker west of the Mississippi). Xandra Pryor looks to make it back to finals in the
100 IM after placing in last year’s meet. Our 200 freestyle relay is undefeated in the 2016-17 season, and looks to
advance from 31st to a higher place at this year’s competition. Many of our competitors are seeded in the top 25-30% of
their races, meaning it should be an exciting time for us in Atlanta!

More than two thousands athletes from over eighty schools will be in attendance, making this the largest collegiate club
competition we’ve ever been a part of. The competition will be fierce, but we’re eager and thrilled to participate in
this amazing opportunity with so many talented individuals.

| Class | Swimmers |
|-------|----------|
| Freshman | Bailey Price, Cole Jackman, David Bore, Hope Feliciano, Mathew Beseris |
| Sophomore | Megan Dearden, Connor Morgan |
| Junior | Xandra Pryor, Kyle Darling |
| Senior | Sam Hise, Ethan Beseris, Jeppesen Feliciano |

Cash us in Atlanta, howbow dah?

Go Utes!
